All right.
So we deployed our Web site to nullify and we have our form working but our domain looks like this.
So obviously you're not going to want that for your Web site.
Now there's plenty of domain registrars out there.
I go with name cheap there.
They're cheap obviously.
Also they're very reliable they have great support.
I've been using them for years it's a company that I personally recommend they're not paying me a dime
for this.
However I do have an affiliate link that I'm going to include if you guys can use that.
If you do purchase a domain that would mean a lot to me.
So what you would do is just search.
So let's say we wanted like news.
Obviously news grid is taken let's search for like news grid site and click the search.
And as you can see it is available.
The dot dot com is available and it's 888 per year.
OK.
So pretty cheap and then down here you can see some other options like the dot net dot A.I. which is
much more expensive.
Dot org dot.
Oh and then there's a bunch of other ones down here.
Usually I would suggest if it's if it's a real site like your company's site I would suggest registering
the dot com the dot net the dot org all the big T all I would suggest taking because you want to be
in control of that especially if your company you know gets big and stuff like that but I'm not going
to actually register a domain because I already have some so I'm going to going to use one of my my
current domains.
So once you register and you go through the process if you go to your dashboard you're going to see
all of your active domains.
Now the one that I'm going to use for this project is this app demo 12 dot com.
OK.
So going to go to manage and this is going to bring you to basically the control panel for that particular
domain.
Now before I do anything here we're going to go back to notify and step two as you can see is setup
a custom domain and you're going to put in the domain you want to use.
I'm going to say w w w dot app demo 112 dot com and click verify already has an owner is it you.
Yes.
Domain
All right.
So now here says by default your site is always accessible subdomain.
So it's still going to be accessible through the net lo fi subdomain which is that this crazy domain
here.
Now there's a few things we need to do to connect app demo 112 dot com two to our account because if
it just let us do it anyone could take any domain and connect it to that to that Web site.
So I'm going to go to this.
This documentation page here this custom domains documentation and scroll down.
And this basically tells us what to do but it's kind of long winded so I'm going to go to see where
is it's right here so we can use we can use nullifies built in DNS but I'm not going to do that I'm
going to use this method here.
It says create in a record pointing your route domain to our load balancers IP address which is this
number here 1 0 4 1 9 8 1 4 5 2.
So it's this is an IP address.
OK.
Remember we talked about this a long time ago.
So we're going to copy this.
This load balancer IP and we're gonna go to our domain panel and go to advanced DNS.
OK.
And remember it said create in a record.
So down here you can see it says add new record.
I'm going to click that.
I'm going to choose a record for the hosts.
We're gonna put the at symbol meaning just the root the root of the domain.
And we're going to paste in that IP address and then click the checkmark.
All right.
And then the next thing we need to do is add a new record of a C name.
OK so we're going to say C name and we're going to point W WW to whatever your nullified domain is which
mine is this right here.
So years will obviously be different.
So I'm going to grab that and I'm going to put that in here inside the C name and we're gonna click
the check.
All right.
Now this stuff up here I'm actually going to delete stuff those already here OK so we should we just
have our a record and see Name Record.
Now if you needed to have an e-mail addresses with this domain you would find a separate e-mail service
and you would have to use what's called an M X record.
But I'm not going to get into this in this video in this course we just want to deploy this Web site.
So we have this stuff done so let's go back to our domain management page and let's reload and you can
see now that check check status thing is gone and these are now green.
So I don't know if it's going to work yet sometimes it takes a little while to propagate but let's try
it out.
We'll go to w w dot app demo 1 12:00 dot com.
There it is.
So it's as easy as that to create our domain.
All right.
And as you can see it's HDTV s and this is all free.
Didn't pay a dime didn't put any credit card information in nothing.
So it's it's a fantastic service really.
So if we go back to overview everything is done.
Everything is deployed we have our form just to test that out one more time we'll go down here.
I'll just say Brad at g mail and subscribe back to site.
We'll go back to our panel here and reload and if we look at the form submissions you can see Brad at
g mail.
So that's it.
Our Web site is deployed and that's that.
All right.
So I'll see you guys in the next video.